Project is about modelling the rooms of a house using WebGl and three.js. At the beginning of my project I created a plan on paper of how my house should look like, I planned my rooms, base etc. Of course during the actual work my house changed a little bit, for example I added a Storey and a ladder which I didn’t have in my plan at the very beginning. Next, I needed to choose parameters, on which I wanted to work, so I’ve settled that 1 in x,y,z axis stands for 1 cm, to make it easy to calculate, e.g. 200 high wall, will mean that I have 2 meters tall wall. I’ve used it in such a way because it was the most familiar one to me. I think if someone would like to analyse a code, it would be quite easy for him to understand it because it is a quite common measure. Also, to prepare myself for this assignment I’ve revised all worksheets which we previous made during our workshops, I also analysed lectures and I’ve previously checked how all geometries, material, lights work. I’ve also used the official Three.js website which has many useful examples of how everything works. Another interesting preparation which I’ve made was going through the previously created scripts which can be used to see how parameters change for example the intensity of light, how they will change if we change the radius of an object and many similar things. Another interesting thing which I’ve made was preparing a template on how each object in my opinion should be created so I can use them just by changing their materials, names, geometry, position and etc, for example I’ve made a template for a wall and I used it to create each wall in my project. I’ve calculated at the very start where all objects should be set to have them in correct position, but sometimes I needed to make some corrections, but generally previously prepared ones saved me a lot of time. Generally, in my opinion half of the success is to have good preparation before work. It is also very important to analyse our situation and check if we can do something more simply because I think that simplicity is the best. 
